full translation of c00 (remaining c00/30/21->32, c00/34, c00/50) (#72)
IllusionMods/HS2-Translation: Translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c00/50/52/0/translation.txt

// Dumped for Honey Select 2 v1.2.0 by Text Dump v1.4.3
//
//attitude:aversion

> すみません、離れていただきたいのですが。至近距離にあなたがいるのは、不愉快極まりません。=I'm sorry, but like you to keep your distance. It's extremely unpleasant to be so close to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
すみません、離れていただきたいのですが。至近距離にあなたがいるのは、不愉快極まりません。=I'm sorry, but please keep your distance. It's extremely unpleasant to be so close to you.
```

> ……余計なものまで硬くさせて、この状況に興奮しているのですか？=...Are you getting excited about this situation, maybe you already got hard?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
……余計なものまで硬くさせて、この状況に興奮しているのですか？=...Are you getting excited about this situation, maybe you're already hard?
```

っ……なるほど、初めから痴漢が目的だったのですね。=Huh... I see, you wanted to molest me from the start.

> ここまで人が乗っていると、思うように身動きがとれませんね……=Crowded by so many people, I can't move as I'd like...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ここまで人が乗っていると、思うように身動きがとれませんね……=Surrounded by so many people, I can't move as I'd like...
```

> もう少し、あなたと距離を置きたいのですが……難しい様です。=I'd like to keep my distance from you, but... it's difficult.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
もう少し、あなたと距離を置きたいのですが……難しい様です。=I'd like to keep my distance from you, but... It's difficult.
```

Reviewer: same sentence... why capitalize after pause? `...` used as a pause you don't capitalize when resuming the sentence.  `...` used for a sentence that trails of and is never finished, you capitalize the new sentence.

`I was thinking... maybe we could blah blah blah?`
vs
`I was thinking... Nah, forget it.`

何故、距離を置くのか？　とぼけたことを仰いますね。あなたがよからぬことを考えているからに決まっています。="Why keep your distance?" Don't play dumb! Of course it's because you have vile thoughts.
……妙に距離が近くありませんか？　気持ちが悪いのですが。=...Aren't you too close? This feels really uncomfortable.

> っ……止めて下さい。あなたの変態趣味に付き合うつもりはありません。=Hm! Please stop. I'm not going to go along with your perverted hobby.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
っ……止めて下さい。あなたの変態趣味に付き合うつもりはありません。=Hm! Please stop. Don't involve me in your perverted hobby.
```

> 逃げ場がありませんね……これがあなたの目的でしたか、不覚です……=There's no way to escape... This was your purpose, right? What a blunder...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
逃げ場がありませんね……これがあなたの目的でしたか、不覚です……=There's no way to escape... This was your intent, right? What a blunder...
```
